a data XP gv2 memory kits are optimized
for the latest Intel gaming platforms
check the link in the video description
for more details I don't even know what
Gandy's means to me it sounds kind of
like it adjective like Oman that was so
Gandhi as oh yeah or something anyway
this is the Zeus from Gambia this is the
eSports Edition it is a laser gaming
mouse that is capable of 8200 dpi just
like most of the other gaming mice these
days so that particular feature doesn't
set it apart but I'm hoping that what
we'll find when we open up this mouse
right here is other things to set it
apart like those little things that they
thought of that someone else didn't like
we saw with their keyboard not that long
ago where it's kind of like oh okay
there is still innovation in the gaming
peripheral scene and there is still room
for improvements to be made so let's
start with what's inside they've got
reasonably nice packaging here so the
you know cable sits in there and the
other stuff sits somewhere else they've
got the mouse itself inside as well as
documentation that talks about the gam
DS Olympics or something so has
harnessed to Zeus's most powerful weapon
into something but anyway ok next we've
got it looks like a cleaning cloth or
whatever this is what is this accessory
storage pouch ok so the weight tuning
piece right here which you can adjust
sort of where the weights it can go
inside the accessory pouch as well as
extra Teflon feet ok
and some Gambia stickers which you could
apply to your things if you so desired
more Teflon feet and finally an
instruction manual and this is kind of
unique so most of the main points about
the mouse are actually inside here so it
supports up to a 1000 Hertz polling rate
which is pretty standard it has a 32-bit
cortex microprocessor inside it so guys
just to put that in perspective you
might think oh well it's a mouse I mean
what kind of processing power doesn't
need and you'd kind of be right but
there are things that a mouse will need
to do so for example if you're running a
flex extremely long macro it might be
beneficial have a better processor if
you are trying to track over a
particularly difficult surface a better
processor might benefit your mouse and
so that just little things like that but
I mean it's still probably a little bit
overkill to be completely realistic
about it so let's get into the mouse
itself so the first thing you'll notice
about the mouse is it actually has quite
tasteful lighting effects you can cycle
through profiles and you can actually
see which profile you're on visibly with
an LED indicator under the mouse wheel
up here there you go we've got some Reds
more inge some blues and lots of
different color so you can configure
those within the HERA software which is
I mean this is like this is like the
funniest thing I think I've seen on a
product in a little while here so check
this out guys so one of the buttons on
the mouse is configured this one right
here to launch the downloader page so
check this out click basically it's a
macro that goes start run and types and
get nice calm I love it so because the
mouse has onboard memory it has 512 K
onboard memory you can actually set up
things the way you like it and then you
can just use them that way on any
computer so they've of course done this
at the factory so that it's set up that
way it's got nine programmable buttons
so 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 middle-click 9 and
then the left and right buttons
themselves and that pretty much does it
for the top it has a nice soft touch
field that isn't sort of too soft it
still has a tiny bit of texture but it's
a little bit slippery as well which i
think is going to be good for durability
in the long term unlike something like
the logitech g9 which i have an old old
g9 and it basically just peeled away and
logitech's basically come out and said
all of our new mice yeah they don't peel
anymore so anyway this doesn't look like
it's going to have any peeling issues
and now we can move on to the bottom
where we see more lighting effects these
ones look really really cool so it's
like a red under glow looks outstanding
speaking of things that look outstanding
check this out so these right here are
some of the finest organ homage US teen
on a product at all so you can actually
adjust the width of the mouse in three
different places here here so this piece
right here you can actually see there
are gaps in the mouse
okay so here as well as here can be
adjusted either in or out with three
separate wheels on the bottom of the
mouse and I can tell you guys that it is
very dramatic the difference between the
mouse fully sort of clamped together and
fully extended so good on Gambia's for
coming up with yet another innovative
sort of implementation of something that
is an idea that's been done before the
whole adjustable ergonomics speaking of
adjustable things you can pop out the
back here just like that and it flips
out five little weight compartments so
there's a little thing right here so you
can start taking them out but I didn't
have too much trouble taking it out
anyway just kind of pull up on them like
that so they're four and a half gram
weights each you go little four and a
half gram thing right there and you can
adjust them however you want the overall
finish to the mouse is very very nice I
mean there's just little little touches
like the braided cable I do appreciate
braided cables just because they're a
little bit more cat proof a little like
shiny Gambia's logo here on the top so
with all that said what do you get for
this Mouse you get something that's very
adjustable I want to give you guys sort
of a quick look at the ergonomics I'd
say for anyone with medium sized hands
this is going to be quite a comfortable
Paul Mouse because you can see my hands
are a little bit on the small side so
I'm going to have trouble reaching that
last button right there but the other
three I can roll my thumb along no
problem no difficulty there these can
all be easily reached but if you have
medium-sized hands this is going to be a
really nice paul mouse and if you were
to widen it fully and you had quite
large hands you could probably claw it a
little bit as well it should be noted
that in spite of the adjustability here
these are quite strong so there's not
much flex to them even I believe it's
this one right here the bottom one that
is fully extended I can go ahead and I
can squeeze that pretty hard and you're
really not going to see you're not going
to see any give to it so good on them
for getting that right on their first
attempt as well that combined with the
fact that it has a full set of
replaceable feet is pretty nice to see
too so thank you for checking out my
unboxing and overview of the Gandhis
Zeus don't forget to subscribe for more
unboxings reviews and other computer
videos like the video if you liked it
dislike it if you disliked it and leave
a comment if you are directly related to
zeus the god of thunder liars all of you